112 urana rusus [s. 111.

thou tenemenls in lhe Cily are equally as devisable es

· challels. For which reason, che warranty ought in

such oasa ho fall as much upon chathels as upon lene·
menta, seeing lhat ‘ohe one and the other are [equally]
¹ohattels: but so long as tho voucheo shall have lands
which may suffice sor the warranly, this Slatuhe is
noh io be held to apply ho challels3 noris iaco hold

. ‚a good against any one except against those who shall

bs residing in tho city, and as ho goods and chaitels
which they shall possess within cho city, of which che

, worden, by virtue of his jurisdiction shall be able lo

make execulion. And this enachmenl, as concerning
ohalteh, shall hold good only as ho the person of the
vendor, and noh as lo his heirs; nor shall it hold good
[as to them]‚ if they have noa land by desceuc ao law

,ι’ -a Thea Parrhase-rs os Lacus slaoll caol cycct lhc Torwrora

Page 293.

And whereas some persons in the city dc lel their
tenemenls in ahs Oity sor a term of years, and during
such term do sell hhe same tenemenls to others than
such termors, [ho be held by them] in see for ever3
under colour of which seoffmenl the feoffees do ejech
ohe ’sermors3 sor which ejeclmenh no remedy has here-
tofore been provided-Tho King doth will and oom-
mand, thar from henceforlh such persons ejected by
seoffees in manner aforesaid, upon plainl newly made
unte the Warden, within sorny days next aster ejece
ment made, shall have their recovery al the Hushings,
in the same manner ahai they shall have che same at
Bauli, by Wria of Ohancery chat is called 2‘ Quasi-a
‘ejecit' The which plainl and plea are lo be brought

¹1.e. in au equitable point ol '‘Whyhe has madeejeetment:
view, as being equally the subject ol within the term.
devise or beqnest.

 

