1111] 1111661161 ro 111 161 ann scor. 87

Of tle sarae. Pege 268.

And that all those who are herbergeours or hostelers
in the City, in manner aforesaid, within forty days en·
suing from the day that these articles shall be read,
shall cease therefrom and shall withdraw themselves so
as not 16 do so in 11111116. And if any person shall be

F. lea. b.

found contravening the form aforesaid after the afore· . ,ι

said forty days, let him lose the freedom for ever ;
and nevertheless, let him he punished with imprison-
ment, according aethe 61161166 demands.

Of Brokcra Pege 269.

And that 116 person shall be a broker within the
city, except those who shall. be swern and admitted by
the Maycr and Aldermen. And if any broker shall hs
attainted of having gone ont of the Oity and having
made forestalment of any manner of merchandiae coming
towards town, let him have forty days' imprisonment.
And isa second time hc shall be attainted of such
offence, let him have forty days' imprisonment, and at
his departure from prison let him forewear the calling
within the Oity 161 ever. And that 116 swern broker
shall be the host 61 merchante who bring 1116 mer-
chandize of which he is such broker. And that no
person shall be admitted as broker except upon the
presentment of good folks 61 the trade in which heis
about 1ο be broker. And he shall not be a broker,
except only in that trade which he has assigned 1ο

111111.

11161 ihc ditiaco 61611 ta 16 aa 6661 11661. Paga 169.

And that all those who wish by the franchise 61
London to be protected, shall be residing and dwelling
in the said city, commonere 61 the said city, making
contributions and aids, such os commonere 61 the town

1³. aco. a

 

